publications.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Publications
---

### Peer reviewed articles

Greenwood, A.K., Montgomery, K.S., Kauer, N., Woo, K.H., Leanza, Z.J., Poehlman,
W.L., ... Mangravite, L.M. (2020). The AD Knowledge Portal: A Repository for
Multi-Omic Data on Alzheimer’s Disease and Aging. *Current Protocols in Human
Genetics 108,* e105. <https://doi.org/10.1002/cphg.105>

Ozersky, T., Nakov, T., Hampton, S. E., Rodenhouse, N. L., Woo, K. H., Shchapov,
K., ... Moore, M. V. (2020). Hot and sick? Impacts of warming and a parasite on
the dominant zooplankter of Lake Baikal. *Limnology and Oceanography*.
<https://doi.org/10.1002/lno.11550>

Wickham, H., Averick, M., Bryan, J., Chang, W., D'Agostino McGowan, L.,
François, R., ... Yutani, H. (2019). Welcome to the Tidyverse. *The Journal of
Open Source Software, 4*(43). <https://doi.org/10.21105/joss.01686>

Broman, K. W., & Woo, K. H. (2018). Data organization in spreadsheets. *The
American Statistician, 72*(1), 2-10. <https://doi.org/10.1080/00031305.2017.1375989>

Meyer, M. F., Hampton, S. E., Ozersky, T., Rusanovskaya, O. O., & Woo, K. H.
(2017). Vulnerability of rotifers and copepod nauplii to predation by Cyclops
kolensis (Crustacea, Copepoda) under varying temperatures in Lake Baikal,
Siberia. *Hydrobiologia, 796*(1), 309–318.
<https://doi.org/10.1007/s10750-016-3005-2>

Hampton, S. E., Galloway, A. W. E., Powers, S. M., Ozersky, T., Woo, K. H.,
Batt, R. D., ... Xenopoulos, M. A. (2017). Ecology under lake ice. *Ecology
Letters, 20*(1), 98–111. <https://doi.org/10.1111/ele.12699>

Hart, E. M., Barmby, P., LeBauer, D., Michonneau, F., Mount, S., Mulrooney, P.,
... Hollister, J. W. (2016). Ten Simple Rules for Digital Data Storage. *PLOS
Comput Biol, 12*(10), e1005097. <https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pcbi.1005097>

McKiernan, E. C., Bourne, P. E., Brown, C. T., Buck, S., Kenall, A., Lin, J.,
... Yarkoni, T. (2016). How open science helps researchers succeed. *eLife, 5*,
e16800. <https://doi.org/10.7554/eLife.16800>

Izmest’eva, L. R., Moore, M. V., Hampton, S. E., Ferwerda, C. J., Gray, D. K.,
Woo, K. H., ... Silow, E. A. (2016). Lake-wide physical and biological trends
associated with warming in Lake Baikal. *Journal of Great Lakes Research,
42*(1), 6–17. <https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jglr.2015.11.006>

Hampton, S. E., Anderson, S. S., Bagby, S. C., Gries, C., Han, X., Hart, E. M.,
... Zimmerman, N. (2015). The Tao of open science for ecology. *Ecosphere, 6*(7),
art120. <https://doi.org/10.1890/ES14-00402.1>

Sharma, S., Gray, D. K., Read, J. S., O’Reilly, C. M., Schneider, P., Qudrat,
A., ... Woo, K. H. (2015). A global database of lake surface temperatures
collected by in situ and satellite methods from 1985–2009. *Scientific Data,
2*, 150008. <https://doi.org/10.1038/sdata.2015.8>

### Other

"Data Visualization in R with ggplot2" (video course). O'Reilly Media, 2016.
<http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920052807.do>

Commit message:

Add L&O letters baikal data paper

publications.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Publications
---

### Peer reviewed articles

Meyer, M. F., Ozersky, T., Woo, K.H., Shchapov, K., Galloway, A. W. E., Schram,
J. B., ... Hampton, S. E. (2021). A unified dataset of colocated sewage
pollution, periphyton, and benthic macroinvertebrate community and food web
structure from Lake Baikal (Siberia). *Limnology and Oceanography Letters*.
<https://doi.org/10.1002/lol2.10219>

Greenwood, A. K., Montgomery, K. S., Kauer, N., Woo, K. H., Leanza, Z. J., Poehlman,
W. L., ... Mangravite, L. M. (2020). The AD Knowledge Portal: A Repository for
Multi-Omic Data on Alzheimer’s Disease and Aging. *Current Protocols in Human
Genetics 108,* e105. <https://doi.org/10.1002/cphg.105>

Ozersky, T., Nakov, T., Hampton, S. E., Rodenhouse, N. L., Woo, K. H., Shchapov,
K., ... Moore, M. V. (2020). Hot and sick? Impacts of warming and a parasite on
the dominant zooplankter of Lake Baikal. *Limnology and Oceanography*.
<https://doi.org/10.1002/lno.11550>

Wickham, H., Averick, M., Bryan, J., Chang, W., D'Agostino McGowan, L.,
François, R., ... Yutani, H. (2019). Welcome to the Tidyverse. *The Journal of
Open Source Software, 4*(43). <https://doi.org/10.21105/joss.01686>

Broman, K. W., & Woo, K. H. (2018). Data organization in spreadsheets. *The
American Statistician, 72*(1), 2-10. <https://doi.org/10.1080/00031305.2017.1375989>

Meyer, M. F., Hampton, S. E., Ozersky, T., Rusanovskaya, O. O., & Woo, K. H.
(2017). Vulnerability of rotifers and copepod nauplii to predation by Cyclops
kolensis (Crustacea, Copepoda) under varying temperatures in Lake Baikal,
Siberia. *Hydrobiologia, 796*(1), 309–318.
<https://doi.org/10.1007/s10750-016-3005-2>

Hampton, S. E., Galloway, A. W. E., Powers, S. M., Ozersky, T., Woo, K. H.,
Batt, R. D., ... Xenopoulos, M. A. (2017). Ecology under lake ice. *Ecology
Letters, 20*(1), 98–111. <https://doi.org/10.1111/ele.12699>

Hart, E. M., Barmby, P., LeBauer, D., Michonneau, F., Mount, S., Mulrooney, P.,
... Hollister, J. W. (2016). Ten Simple Rules for Digital Data Storage. *PLOS
Comput Biol, 12*(10), e1005097. <https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pcbi.1005097>

McKiernan, E. C., Bourne, P. E., Brown, C. T., Buck, S., Kenall, A., Lin, J.,
... Yarkoni, T. (2016). How open science helps researchers succeed. *eLife, 5*,
e16800. <https://doi.org/10.7554/eLife.16800>

Izmest’eva, L. R., Moore, M. V., Hampton, S. E., Ferwerda, C. J., Gray, D. K.,
Woo, K. H., ... Silow, E. A. (2016). Lake-wide physical and biological trends
associated with warming in Lake Baikal. *Journal of Great Lakes Research,
42*(1), 6–17. <https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jglr.2015.11.006>

Hampton, S. E., Anderson, S. S., Bagby, S. C., Gries, C., Han, X., Hart, E. M.,
... Zimmerman, N. (2015). The Tao of open science for ecology. *Ecosphere, 6*(7),
art120. <https://doi.org/10.1890/ES14-00402.1>

Sharma, S., Gray, D. K., Read, J. S., O’Reilly, C. M., Schneider, P., Qudrat,
A., ... Woo, K. H. (2015). A global database of lake surface temperatures
collected by in situ and satellite methods from 1985–2009. *Scientific Data,
2*, 150008. <https://doi.org/10.1038/sdata.2015.8>

### Other

"Data Visualization in R with ggplot2" (video course). O'Reilly Media, 2016.
<http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920052807.do>
