talks.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Talks
---

Always look on the bright side of plots  
rstudio::global, 2021  
[Slides](https://speakerdeck.com/karawoo/always-look-on-the-bright-side-of-plots) | [Video](https://resources.rstudio.com/resources/rstudioglobal-2021/always-look-on-the-bright-side-of-plots/)

Building a collaborative data sharing portal for Alzheimer's disease research  
WNAR, 2019  
[Slides](https://speakerdeck.com/karawoo/building-a-collaborative-data-sharing-portal-for-alzheimers-disease-research)

Box plots: A case study in debugging and perseverance  
rstudio::conf, 2019  
[Slides](https://speakerdeck.com/karawoo/box-plots-a-case-study-in-debugging-and-perseverance) | [Video](https://resources.rstudio.com/rstudio-conf-2019/box-plots-a-case-study-in-debugging-and-perseverance)

Reproducible research with R  
Biomedical and Health Informatics seminar, University of Washington, 2018  
[Slides](https://speakerdeck.com/karawoo/reproducible-research-with-r)

Tracking my car's gas mileage with Shiny  
R-Ladies Seattle, 2018  
[Slides](https://speakerdeck.com/karawoo/tracking-my-cars-gas-mileage-with-shiny)

Anyone can play git/R: Tips for first-time contributions to R packages  
CascadiaRConf keynote, 2018  
[Slides](https://speakerdeck.com/karawoo/r-tips-for-first-time-contributions-to-r-packages) | [Video](https://youtu.be/twjrw3w2y04)

Using the Open Science Framework to manage and share your research  
Reproducibility and Open Science Seminar, University of Washington eScience Institute, 2016  
[Slides](https://karawoo.com/escience-osf-seminar/osf_talk_20160412.html#1)

Data management and building community in a global synthesis of under-ice
productivity  
International Association for Great Lakes Research, 2015  
[Slides](https://karawoo.com/IAGLR2015/woo_underice_iaglr_2015.html#1)

Commit message:

Add posit::conf(2023) keynote slides

talks.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Talks
---

R not only in production  
posit::conf keynote, 2023  
[Slides](https://speakerdeck.com/karawoo/r-not-only-in-production)

Always look on the bright side of plots  
rstudio::global, 2021  
[Slides](https://speakerdeck.com/karawoo/always-look-on-the-bright-side-of-plots) | [Video](https://resources.rstudio.com/resources/rstudioglobal-2021/always-look-on-the-bright-side-of-plots/)

Building a collaborative data sharing portal for Alzheimer's disease research  
WNAR, 2019  
[Slides](https://speakerdeck.com/karawoo/building-a-collaborative-data-sharing-portal-for-alzheimers-disease-research)

Box plots: A case study in debugging and perseverance  
rstudio::conf, 2019  
[Slides](https://speakerdeck.com/karawoo/box-plots-a-case-study-in-debugging-and-perseverance) | [Video](https://resources.rstudio.com/rstudio-conf-2019/box-plots-a-case-study-in-debugging-and-perseverance)

Reproducible research with R  
Biomedical and Health Informatics seminar, University of Washington, 2018  
[Slides](https://speakerdeck.com/karawoo/reproducible-research-with-r)

Tracking my car's gas mileage with Shiny  
R-Ladies Seattle, 2018  
[Slides](https://speakerdeck.com/karawoo/tracking-my-cars-gas-mileage-with-shiny)

Anyone can play git/R: Tips for first-time contributions to R packages  
CascadiaRConf keynote, 2018  
[Slides](https://speakerdeck.com/karawoo/r-tips-for-first-time-contributions-to-r-packages) | [Video](https://youtu.be/twjrw3w2y04)

Using the Open Science Framework to manage and share your research  
Reproducibility and Open Science Seminar, University of Washington eScience Institute, 2016  
[Slides](https://karawoo.com/escience-osf-seminar/osf_talk_20160412.html#1)

Data management and building community in a global synthesis of under-ice
productivity  
International Association for Great Lakes Research, 2015  
[Slides](https://karawoo.com/IAGLR2015/woo_underice_iaglr_2015.html#1)
